Key,UsedInMainMenu,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
modDyeHotPink,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Hot Pink,,,,,
modDyeFireEngineRed,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Fire Engine Red,,,,,
modDyeOrange,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Orange,,,,,
modDyeGold,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Gold,,,,,
modDyeBronze,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Bronze,,,,,
modDyeLimeGreen,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Lime Green,,,,,
modDyeSpringGreen,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Spring Green,,,,,
modDyeCyan,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Cyan,,,,,
modDyeTurquoise,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Turquoise,,,,,
modDyeBrightSkyBlue,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Bright Blue Sky,,,,,
modDyeFuchsia,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Fuchsia,,,,,
modDyeRoyalPurple,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Royal Purple,,,,,
modDyeBubblegum,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Bubblegum,,,,,
modDyeLightCoral,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Light Coral,,,,,
modDyePaleOrange,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Pale Orange,,,,,
modDyeKhaki,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Khaki,,,,,
modDyeSienna,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Sienna,,,,,
modDyePaleGreen,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Pale Green,,,,,
modDyeBabyBlue,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Baby Blue,,,,,
modDyeSteelBlue,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Steel Blue,,,,,
modDyePlum,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Plum,,,,,
modDyeGray,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Gray,,,,,